# Raw Crawl Text Dump (Playwright body-text extraction)

## /
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B WELCOME Crown Contracting has been in business in the Atlanta Area for many years and has a solid reputation for providing honesty, quality workmanship. Crown Contracting is staffed with trained professionals. Incorporated with the Georgia Secretary of State and fully insured to protect homeowners from any liability in the State of Georgia. And we are looking to expand services to the South East Region (Alabama, Tennessee, North Carolina). Stay Tuned! We provide customers with skilled professionals in the roofing, remodeling and storm restoration business. At Crown, the majority of our business comes from customer referrals therefore we are committed to providing the highest quality work- we stake our reputation on it! GUTTERS REMODELING FLOORING ROOFING INSURANCE CLAIM REPRESENTATION STORM DAMAGE RESTORATION SIDING MASONARY CROWN CONTRACTING 1/8 TESTIMONIALS "Chris and Crown Contracting is the most professional roofing company we have ever hired. Great guy, great business. They replaced our entire roof in less than 24 hours quickly and neatly." Christian Lewis, Lawrenceville, GA "Chris Atkins is true to his word. The delivery of his product is timely and efficient. He is conscientious in keeping his commitments as promised. It has been a pleasure working with him." Ernesto Alvarez, Gainesville, GA CHECK OUT OUR WORK & REVIEWS FROM YOUR NEIGHBORS! HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /services
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B INSURANCE CLAIMS REPRESENTATION We represent the homeowner in all insurance claims. We meet with the insurance adjusters to ensure you completely covered for your loss. Including Pre & Post Insurance inspections. STORM DAMAGE RESTORATION RESTORATION ROOFING SIDING 24/7 EMERGENCY TARP TEMPORARY TARPS TREE REMOVAL BOARD UPS FULL INTERIOR/EXTERIOR RESTORATION From small repairs to full roof replacements we handle it all. Out of Pocket and Insurance Claims. Chimney, valley, Pipe boots, Caulk Refresh, Shingle replacements and additions. Siding repair and replacements. Hardi Plank Wood Vinyl GUTTERS FLOORING REMODELING (non-structural) MASONARY Crown Contracting is staffed with trained professionals. Incorporated with the Georgia Secretary of State and fully insured to protect homeowners from any liability in the State of Georgia. And we are looking to expand services to the South East Region (Alabama, Tennessee, North Carolina). Stay Tuned! We provide customers with skilled professionals in the roofing, remodeling and storm restoration business. Detach and reset gutters Full replacement gutters Gutter Covers Downspout replacement Hardwoods Carpet Tile Marble Travertine Redesign Basements Rehab BRICK/STONE FACE CHIMNEY REPAIR "Chris Atkins is true to his word. The delivery of his product is timely and efficient. He is conscientious in keeping his commitments as promised. It has been a pleasure working with him." Ernesto Alvarez, Gainesville, GA TESTIMONIALS "Chris and Crown Contracting is the most professional roofing company we have ever hired. Great guy, great business. They replaced our entire roof in less than 24 hours quickly and neatly." Christian Lewis, Lawrenceville, GA SERVICES CONCRETE DRIVEWAYS WALKWAYS PATIOS HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /insurance-representation
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B Water damage Replace flooring and bridged old hardwood with new hardwood 1/7 Insurance Representation These are claims filed by homeowners for Water damage, Fire damage, or any sudden or accidental claims. We represent the homeowners to the insurance company and restore the home to original value. "Chris came out the same day. I had a small leak, a missing ridge shingle and some nails popping up under the shingles. I also thought I needed a vent boot replaced and when he got closer to look at it he saw that it was not in need of repair. This saved me half of my total repair cost. I have come across some shady people and Chris treated me with honesty. I will call him again if given the chance or need." Michelle W., Buford, GA Testimonial HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /about
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B ABOUT The Owner, Christopher K Atkins Jr, has been in the sales and consulting industry since 1999. Since then he started consulting in the roofing industry. He then noticed the growing need for reputable businesses in the contracting industry and sought out to open his own company. Chris has built his business on honor, professionalism and pure integrity. His first order of business is to always look out for his customers and their needs. Customer satisfaction is the driving force behind Crown Contracting. BRINGING HONOR TO THE BUSINESS Make no mistake, there is only one real Crown Contracting. Make sure you are doing business with us and not the imitator! Ask for Chris K Atkins by name!! Click Here to See what our Customers are Saying! HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /recent-projects
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B Check out our work and reviews from your neighbors! HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /testimonials
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B TESTIMONIALS "I highly recommend Chris, he is detail and knowledgeable of the work he performs. He also follows through overseeing the project from start to finish." Nellie Wells, Hamilton Mills, Dacula, GA "Outstanding job for us and reasonably priced-Great value." Howard Tillman, Hamilton Mill, Dacula, GA "Chris was the only contractor able to convince State Farm to pay for hail damage to my roof. He was easy to work with and very reliable. I will definitely call Chris again for my next project." Miriam Thompson, Duluth, GA "My husband, David and I would recommend Chris for all your general contracting needs. We found him to be professional and dependable. The price was very reasonable and was completed on time. If you are looking for an experienced and trustworthy General Contractor- Chris is who you are looking for!" Kristen Leavell, Hamilton Mill, Dacula, GA We encourage all of our past customers to leave a review on one of the sites below or email us at info@crowngcinc.com "Excellent! Chris is professional & extremely knowledgeable. The work was completed in a timely & attentive manner. I would highly recommend Crown." Jenny V., Decatur, GA HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /contact
404-490-2796 CRWN B CONTACT Lawrenceville, GA 30045 info@CrownGCInc.com Tel: 404-490-CRWN (2796) Fax: 888-503-4107 Like us on facebook AREAS COVERED: METRO ATLANTA STORM RESTORATION GEORGIA DROP US A LINE Send HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /insurance-claims
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B Gilbert's Roof replacement 1/7 INSURANCE CLAIMS Whether from Wind, Snow, Hail OR sudden and accidental we handle all Insurance claims to restore your home or business. Testimony "They are amazing. Timely, patient, knowledgeable, and competitive rates! They did work on my roof and I loved every aspect of my interaction with them. Don't confuse them with a knock off competitor using a similar name. If Chris Atkins isn't involved, your aren't getting top of the line service. I speak from experience. They responded to all emails and texts in short periods of time and also were very patient with my lack of knowledge of roofing. I would refer anyone here for any General contracting service because I know you are getting the best!" Cerissa J, Decatur, GA HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /roofing
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B Hamilton Mill 1/10 Roofing, Siding, and Gutters Whether you had a disaster or the roof has met its life, we can bring you back to standard. Testimonial Quick response. Work was neat and thorough. Lots of attention to detail. Would definitely recommend to others. Frank W., Atlanta, GA HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /remodeling
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B Fireplace custom tile and hardwood around fireplace 1/9 Remodeling Whether from damage or you just want a change in scenary we are here to draw out your plans and execute. Testimonial "Very professional, friendly and caring attitude. Very thorough, neat, and all the work which was a shingle roof repair, siding repair, and gutter repair, was completed in a timely manner. Chris was very knowlegeable He took the time to answer all my questions. He was very punctual. . I would highly recommend his services to everyone." Helene P, Bethlehem, GA HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting

## /masonry
Skip to Main Content 404-490-2796 CRWN B Brick Repair faulty installation repaired and replaced 1/2 Masonry These specialty jobs need a professional touch. We provide the best to complete your project. Testimonial "Chris and his partner, Charity, were extremely professional. They arrived on time and answered all of the questions that I had. He is very reasonable in terms of cost. He showed before and after pictures to show me what needed to be fixed. I tried to work with my insurance company - but like most big businesses - they were not eager to help. I highly recommend Crown." Lori T, Loganville, Ga HOME SERVICES Insurance representation ABOUT More © 2014 by Crown Contracting
